# CS-360
For this app, we were to build a functional app that is used to store recipes for users to try and recreate and create a user account that would then be used to log in to their profile. This app was designed to help users expand their culinary experience from experienced chefs along with other users who want to share their favorite home/traditional meals. 
The screens needed were the login, add/delete, and permissions. This gave each screen a primary function that made the app easy to use. My design was simple and straightforward allowing the user to focus more on enjoying the app rather than learning the app. My design was successful for the most part and I was informed that it does require refactoring and debugging, which is something I want to investigate. 
Coding my app took a lot of research and time, just because this was my first time dealing with XML and having JAVA connect to it. It was a simple fix once I slowed down and researched on a forum of other programmers who had similar issues that I had. This is the second-class project where forums have come in handy when I needed to research issues I have found within my projects. This would be something I will take with me in case I run into issues in my future projects. 
I tested my code with each step making sure it all worked each step of the way. Once I got to the end, I did the final test but as mentioned above I will need to go back and investigate it once more. I will update this once I have time to do so. 
